Take these things you bought at roadside stalls
please love
You are so kind.
What does it matter to you what I take?
Sucho, I suggest you save it
Ah Jing won't like you.
Don't like me, do you like you?
I think you still don't understand the current situation
I am the daughter of the Ye family
The marriage of the Ye family and the Shen family
Good for Aui's career
And you, a charlatan
Just rely on your tricks
Let Ajing look at you twice more
Why are you laughing?
I laugh at some people who are clearly incapable
And unabashedly jealous
Ye Chen
Did you know that if you do too many bad things, you will go to hell?
I advise you to start self-cultivation now
Confidentiality matters
You don't have to stop me.
I will outlive you
Not necessarily.
The bad things you did
I brought you everything long ago
Just because of the kindness in your grandfather
I helped you purify those evil forces
You say
If I poke all the things you did
Would your grandfather send you to prison?
Is it enough?
Ah Jin, look at him, this shrew
He also hit me
You are evil enough
Do you hear me?
You take your junk and get out
I'm talking about you.
Ah Jin
Why is this bastard robbing me of trash?
Uncle, the land you told my dad about last time
I can help you.